user/pages/home/_pinnochio/pinnochio.md, before:

---
title: Portfolio
menu: Portfolio

releases:
    - title: Coravin
      css_class: coravin
      description: 
        - Coravin is a US based start up, offering an innovative product which enables people to pour wine from the bottle without removing the cork, using a specialised needle to pierce the cork and replace the lost volume of wine with compressed argon gas.
        - After designing a number of campaign materials for Coravin, they enlisted BPL to design and build a number of international brochure websites to showcase their products in markets in which they don’t operate an eCommerce business. I designed the entire brochure site in way that I feel showcases the product, putting it front and centre, enhanced with imagery and interactivity.
        - The site is based on a Wordpress back end, and uses npm to build front end assets.
      images:
        - images/cor3.jpg
        - images/cor4.jpg
        - images/cor5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/cor1.jpg
        - images/cor2.jpg
    - title: Three & Tinder
      css_class: three
      description: 
        - My most recent project for Three, undertaken as part of my role at BPL Marketing, involved a collaboration with Tinder, where phones are juxtaposed into historical events, to show how they might have turned out.
        - I designed and built a dual-branded promotional microsite, emulating Tinder's functionality. The user plays as King Henry, swiping left or right on his six wives to determine which ones survived, or which were beheaded or divorced.
        - The project was wireframed in Figma, designed in Photoshop and built alongside a Back End Developer, using Laravel and Vue.js.
      images:
        - images/three1.jpg
        - images/three4.jpg
        - images/three5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/three2.jpg
        - images/three3.jpg
    - title: Peng Dominion
      css_class: pengdominion
      description: 
        - Peng Dominion is a labour of love - I started it as a vessel through which to release my own music, to free myself from the limitations that come with releasing music through record labels. I also release music by artists whose work I find fun and inspiring. 
        - I design all the artwork and promotional videos and even master all the releases by myself.
      images:
        - images/peng3.jpg
        - images/peng4.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/peng1.jpg
        - images/peng2.jpg
    - title: Royal British Legion
      css_class: rbl
      description: 
        - The Royal British Legion is a long-standing client at BPL Marketing. After inheriting the website from their previous, outsourced development team, I took on the task of refactoring the entire front end of the site. As part of this, I made large contributions to the Royal British Legion’s digital brand guidelines and designed and built a UI kit for their current and future web projects; the RBL Boilerplate. The Boilerplate consists of all necessary UI elements for the website, and was built and maintained in isolation from the main website, so it can serve as a dependency for the main site, as well as other satellite projects.
        - Aside from the RBL Boilerplate, I've been responsible for all design and front end development work on the main RBL website for 3.5 years, including annual campaigns, microsites and complex user interfaces for new functionality.
      images:
        - images/rbl3.jpg
        - images/rbl4.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/rbl1.jpg
        - images/rbl2.jpg
    - title: Sypro
      css_class: sypro
      description: 
        - Sypro is a software company, specialising in B2B software solutions for project, contract, compliance and asset management. During my role at BPL Marketing, they asked us to design a website for one of their new products; Total Risk Manager. They were so happy with the design, they asked us to redesign their main website to maintain the look and feel. We went one better and integrated all of their product websites with their main website, with a consistent brand image and a cutting-edge aesthetic.
        - The website was wireframed, prototyped and designed using Adobe XD. The build was based on a Wordpress back-end, with a modular SCSS, npm and gulp front end system.
      images:
        - images/syp3.jpg
        - images/syp4.jpg
        - images/syp5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/syp1.jpg
        - images/syp2.jpg
    - title: Everyone Remembered
      css_class: eor
      description: 
        - Everyone Remembered is a campaign undertaken by the Royal British Legion with the goal of commemorating each and every soldier who died in WW1, through user generated commemorations. Based on a database of 1,060,174 soldiers, users were able to search through names, regiments and locations to find lost relatives or discover those who may have been forgotten, and “remember” them, by way of placing a poppy on an interactive map, leaving a short commemoration and even uploading photographs. 

        - I designed the full site and integrated the RBL Boilerplate. Over the last few years, I have also worked on refining the UX of the site through testing and reworking various user flows.

        - Some design work has since been moved in-house at the Royal British Legion, but I am very happy with my contributions to the project.
      images:
        - images/eor3.jpg
        - images/eor4.jpg
        - images/eor5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/eor1.jpg
        - images/eor2.jpg
---

# Releases

Commit message:

additional mass events portfolio item, copy updates

user/pages/home/_pinnochio/pinnochio.md, after:

---
title: Portfolio
menu: Portfolio

releases:
    - title: Coravin
      css_class: coravin
      description: 
        - Coravin is a US based start up, offering an innovative product which enables people to pour wine from the bottle without removing the cork, using a specialised needle to pierce the cork and replace the lost volume of wine with compressed argon gas.
        - After designing a number of campaign materials for Coravin, they enlisted BPL to design and build a number of international brochure websites to showcase their products in markets in which they don’t operate an eCommerce business. I designed the entire brochure site in way that I feel showcases the product, putting it front and centre, enhanced with imagery and interactivity.
        - The site is based on a Wordpress back end, and uses npm to build front end assets.
      images:
        - images/cor3.jpg
        - images/cor4.jpg
        - images/cor5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/cor1.jpg
        - images/cor2.jpg
    - title: Three & Tinder
      css_class: three
      description: 
        - My most recent project for Three, undertaken as part of my role at BPL Marketing, involved a collaboration with Tinder, where phones are juxtaposed into historical events, to show how they might have turned out.
        - I designed and built a dual-branded promotional microsite, emulating Tinder's functionality. The user plays as King Henry, swiping left or right on his six wives to determine which ones survived, or which were beheaded or divorced.
        - The project was wireframed in Figma, designed in Photoshop and built alongside a Back End Developer, using Laravel and Vue.js.
        - Conversion metrics were extremely positive, with a 30%+ conversion rate for form submissions. 
      images:
        - images/three1.jpg
        - images/three4.jpg
        - images/three5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/three2.jpg
        - images/three3.jpg
    - title: Peng Dominion
      css_class: pengdominion
      description: 
        - Peng Dominion is a labour of love; a vessel through which to release my music, to free myself from the limitations of record labels.
        - The branding is intended to be contemporary yet playful, and almost childlike. I wanted to communicate a sense of authenticity, in contrast to what I perceived elsewhere in electronic music; a veil of professionalism and sleek design which seems anonymous and ingenuous. This is my response to that style, in that it is unashamedly genuine, and very personal. 
        - I draw the artwork myself, through which I've found a way to reconnect with my artistic past as a graffiti writer, before outlining in Illustrator and finishing in Photoshop.
        - I also master all the releases myself. This entails using specialised processing techniques, and a keen ear, to give the music a final balance and sheen, and ensuring professional quality, loudness and compatibility for distribution.
        - I work with a PR company called Cygnus Music to send releases out for pre-release promotion to A-list drum & bass DJs, press, radio, blogs and print, before releasing in all digital stores.
      images:
        - images/peng3.jpg
        - images/peng4.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/peng1.jpg
        - images/peng2.jpg
    - title: Royal British Legion
      css_class: rbl
      description: 
        - The Royal British Legion is a long-standing client at BPL Marketing. After inheriting the website from their previous, outsourced development team, I took on the task of refactoring the entire front end of the site. As part of this, I made large contributions to the Royal British Legion’s digital brand guidelines and designed and built a UI kit for their current and future web projects; the RBL Boilerplate. The Boilerplate consists of all necessary UI elements for the website, and was built and maintained in isolation from the main website, so it can serve as a dependency for the main site, as well as other satellite projects.
        - The RBL Boilerplate is designed to offer ease of use, with clear call to actions and a modular, readable layout. The design utilises high contrast ratios to ensure accessibility.
        - Aside from the RBL Boilerplate, I've been responsible for all design and front end development work on the main RBL website for 3.5 years, including annual campaigns, microsites and complex user interfaces for new functionality.
      images:
        - images/rbl3.jpg
        - images/rbl4.jpg
        - images/rbl5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/rbl1.jpg
        - images/rbl2.jpg
    - title: RBL Events
      css_class: rblevents
      description: 
        - BPL Marketing was briefed by the Royal British Legion to produce a new events section within the main website. The brief prioritised mobile compatibility, and detailed filtering options, to enable users to find events within certain distances or time frames relative to them. My role in this project involved interpreting the initial brief to create a job spec.
        - I suggested we use Google Maps as a visual representation of users' filter and search settings, in addition to a list of results, so as to create a more engaging user experience with clear visual cues. The UI is also designed using a mobile first philosophy, to respond seamlessly to different devices.
        - The project uses the websites existing Umbraco/ASP.NET back end with a custom API to return search results, alongside js for the map and interactive elements.
        - I designed the UX/UI and fully prototyped the project in Adobe XD.
      images:
        - images/rble3.jpg
        - images/rble4.jpg
        - images/rble5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/rble1.jpg
        - images/rble2.jpg
    - title: Sypro
      css_class: sypro
      description: 
        - Sypro is a software company, specialising in B2B software solutions for project, contract, compliance and asset management. During my role at BPL Marketing, they asked us to design a website for one of their new products; Total Risk Manager. They were so happy with the design, they asked us to redesign their main website to maintain the look and feel. We went one better and integrated all of their product websites with their main website, with a consistent brand image and a cutting-edge aesthetic.
        - The website was wireframed, prototyped and designed using Adobe XD. The build was based on a Wordpress back-end, with a modular SCSS, npm and gulp front end system.
      images:
        - images/syp3.jpg
        - images/syp4.jpg
        - images/syp5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/syp1.jpg
        - images/syp2.jpg
    - title: Everyone Remembered
      css_class: eor
      description: 
        - Everyone Remembered is a campaign undertaken by the Royal British Legion with the goal of commemorating each and every soldier who died in WW1, through user generated commemorations. Based on a database of 1,060,174 soldiers, users were able to search through names, regiments and locations to find lost relatives or discover those who may have been forgotten, and “remember” them, by way of placing a poppy on an interactive map, leaving a short commemoration and even uploading photographs. 

        - I designed the full site and integrated the RBL Boilerplate. I also worked on refining the UX of the site through testing and reworking various user flows to drive commemorations. This included the addition of features such as 'bulk commemorations', giving users a simple way to commemorate a solder's comrades once they have finished commemorating that soldier. This proved extremely effective in driving conversions by repeatedly outbounding users form the commemoration process into an optional bulk commemoration instead of an inert 'thank you' page. As of October 2018, all soldiers have been remembered!
      images:
        - images/eor3.jpg
        - images/eor4.jpg
        - images/eor5.jpg
      feature_imgs:
        - images/eor1.jpg
        - images/eor2.jpg
---
